Build a production-ready full-stack Node.js + Express web app called “Real AF Horoscope – Horoscope of the Day”.
The app is a sassy AI-powered daily horoscope generator that targets the SEO keyword “horoscope of the day” and lives at the route:
/tools/horoscope-of-the-day
Tech Stack
Node.js + Express
Templating: EJS (or similar server-side templating, but prefer EJS)
DB: SQLite (via sqlite3 npm package) for caching daily horoscopes
Styling: simple responsive CSS (no UI frameworks required; clean, modern look)
Environment variables via dotenv
OpenAI Node SDK for AI generation
Create all necessary files: index.js (or server.js), views/, public/, db/, etc.
Environment Variables
Use a .env file with:
OPENAI_API_KEY – used by the server to generate horoscopes.
If the API key is missing, show a clear error message on the page instead of breaking.
Routes & Behavior
1. Root redirect
GET /
Redirects to /tools/horoscope-of-the-day.
2. Main tool page
GET /tools/horoscope-of-the-day
Renders an HTML page with:
<title> and meta tags targeting the keyword:
Title: Horoscope of the Day — Brutally Honest AI Daily Horoscope (Free)
Meta description: Get your real AF horoscope of the day. Choose your zodiac sign and let our brutally honest AI generator give you today’s no-BS reading.
Main H1: “Horoscope of the Day (Real AF Edition)”
A short intro paragraph explaining that this is a brutally honest AI-powered daily horoscope generator.
A form UI for the tool:
Dropdown to choose zodiac sign (Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius, Pisces).
Dropdown to choose tone:
Sweet
Sassy
Brutal
“Get Today’s Horoscope” button.
A section where the current day’s horoscope result will appear.
A subtle note under the result:
“Same sign + tone gets the same reading all day. New day, new chaos.”
Below the tool, render SEO content sections (static text, not AI-generated at runtime):
H2: What Is a Horoscope of the Day?
Short explanation of what a daily horoscope is and why people check it every morning.
H2: How Our Real AF Horoscope of the Day Generator Works
Step-by-step:
Choose your sign
Choose your tone
AI generates a unique, brutally honest reading for today
Cached for the day so everyone with that sign + tone gets the same vibe
H2: Why Daily Horoscopes Hit So Hard
Bullet points on:
Reflection + self-awareness
Entertainment
Ritual / routine
Conversation starter
H2: FAQ – Horoscope of the Day
Add at least 4 Q&A in plain text, such as:
“Is this horoscope of the day accurate?”
“How often does the horoscope of the day update?”
“Is this daily horoscope free?”
“Can I get a new horoscope if I don’t like today’s?”
The page should work without JavaScript (form POST), but also enhance with AJAX for a nicer UX.
3. Horoscope API
POST /api/horoscope
Accepts JSON or form-encoded body with:
sign (one of the 12 zodiac signs, case-insensitive)
tone (sweet, sassy, brutal)
Validate inputs and return a 400 error with JSON error message if invalid.
Daily Cache Logic (SQLite)
Create a SQLite database (e.g. db/horoscopes.sqlite) with a table:
horoscopes (
  id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
  date TEXT NOT NULL,     -- YYYY-MM-DD in UTC
  sign TEXT NOT NULL,     -- normalized lower-case sign name
  tone TEXT NOT NULL,     -- 'sweet' | 'sassy' | 'brutal'
  text TEXT NOT NULL
);
CREATE UNIQUE INDEX idx_daily_sign_tone ON horoscopes(date, sign, tone);
Behavior:
Compute today’s date in UTC, formatted YYYY-MM-DD.
Normalize sign and tone to lower-case.
Check if a row already exists for (date, sign, tone):
If exists, return that horoscope text.
If not, call the OpenAI API to generate a new horoscope, save it to the DB, and return it.
Make sure the DB is initialized on server start with migrations / table creation if it doesn’t exist.
OpenAI Prompting Rules
Use the OpenAI Chat Completions API with a system prompt like:
“You are a brutally honest, funny, slightly unhinged astrologer. You write daily horoscopes that feel like a mix of best friend, therapist, and roast comic. You always speak in the second person (‘you’), never mention AI, never talk about star charts or transits directly, and you keep it grounded, modern, and relatable.”
Then send a user prompt like:
“Write today’s ‘horoscope of the day’ for the zodiac sign [SIGN].
Tone: [Sweet | Sassy | Brutal].
Rules:
Length: 130–200 words.
Speak in second person.
Make it specific and concrete, not generic.
Do NOT mention dates, star positions, or birth charts.
For ‘Brutal’, you can drag them, but it should still be ultimately encouraging, not cruel.”
Return only the horoscope text.
Implement error handling:
If OpenAI call fails, return a friendly message:
“The stars are buffering. Try again in a minute.”
Front-End Behavior
Use a simple, mobile-first layout:
Centered content, max width ~720px.
Soft gradient or neutral background.
Card-style container for the tool with rounded corners and subtle shadow.
When the user submits the form:
If JavaScript is enabled, prevent default and send an AJAX request to /api/horoscope.
Show a loading state: “Consulting the cosmos…”
Replace the result container with the returned horoscope on success.
On error, show an inline error message.
If JavaScript is disabled:
Form should POST to /tools/horoscope-of-the-day (or similar) and the server should handle it by calling the same internal logic and re-rendering the page with the result injected.
SEO & Structured Data
In the HTML <head> of /tools/horoscope-of-the-day, include:
Basic meta:
<title> with “Horoscope of the Day — Brutally Honest AI Daily Horoscope (Free)”
<meta name="description" content="Get your real AF horoscope of the day. Choose your zodiac sign and let our brutally honest AI generator give you today’s no-BS reading.">
<meta name="robots" content="index,follow">
Open Graph / social tags for better sharing (title, description, URL, and a generic image placeholder).
JSON-LD structured data (insert in <script type="application/ld+json">) describing:
A WebApplication with:
name: “Real AF Horoscope – Horoscope of the Day”
applicationCategory: “LifestyleApplication”
operatingSystem: “Web”
url: the full URL (use placeholder like https://example.com/tools/horoscope-of-the-day which the user can later update)
An FAQPage with the FAQ questions/answers from the bottom of the page.
Example JSON-LD structure (you fill in with the actual text and questions):
One FAQPage object with a mainEntity array of Question/Answer pairs.
One WebApplication object.
Styling Guidelines
Use a single CSS file in public/styles.css and link it from the layout.
Design guidelines:
Background: very light gradient or solid neutral.
Main card: white, rounded corners, padding, gentle box-shadow.
Use a clean, modern font (e.g. system font stack).
Buttons should have hover states.
Result text area should look like a speech bubble or card to make it feel special.
README
Create a README.md that explains:
What the app does.
How to set it up locally on Replit:
Install dependencies
Create .env with OPENAI_API_KEY
Run npm install then npm start
How the daily caching works.
Where to change the base URL in JSON-LD when deploying.
Summary
End result: a clean, production-ready Node/Express app deployed on Replit that:
Serves a Horoscope of the Day AI microtool at /tools/horoscope-of-the-day.
Lets users choose sign + tone and get a cached, daily AI-generated horoscope.
Is SEO-optimized around the keyword “horoscope of the day” with strong supporting content and schema.
Is fast, mobile-friendly, and easy to extend later with CTAs into other products.